hey guys it's the accessor i have yet
again another video from the floor I
don't know if this gonna be a regular
thing but for now I'm going to go with
it today I have the clash of Legends
palkein dialga legend box so I'm just
gonna go right ahead no stupid gravity
and here are the constants we have the
level X card they are not promos in case
you have a pic one of these up yet this
is from platinum actually have one of
these cards but I wanted to for my deck
and that's from platinum as a wall and
cures the Giants a legend cards effect I
got a glare on this this is a really
nice looking
so yeah that's that and 3x we have set
order polymerizing rivals time supreme
victors bottom our keys and HS unleashed
so I'm going to go ahead and open these
up in the same order wonder if this will
stay up for me a little if I give us
something to
okay Quagsire carvanha munchlax
growlithe technical machine damage
porter electrode g gengar GL high score
early for and the bars are across I'm
not that interesting at the pack let's
try the supreme victors next and I open
this i still have my rifle going on so
if it's Daniel right fit so if you have
an SUV i will put a link in the
description for the battle video if you
want to be entered just enter me in the
comments you want more slots you can
make a video of 10 cards right again
surprises here so just make a whole
video for it but just let you guys know
that is still up smello people are
jumping on it so i make sure everybody
gets a chance before it ends we have a
golden mouth Magnemite turtwig chat off
set these guidance Moscow Aryan homers
contribution actually me to that card
Combee reverse and a honker another pack
that wasn't so great the turkeys back
to nose pads electric Charmander which
had a burn me trash bloke metric hunter
ponyta lightning arc is figures the one
I have a bunch of so if anybody wants
this this is uh portrayed and Hariyama
until your final pack I'm gonna pick you
up together but I will probably get crap
okay we're okay that's a little bit was
shiny porter horsey Stantler onyx zoo
bet Roselia MC chatter getting closer
program on circulator super scoop up and
my prime is another Lantern so this is
up for trade and dryers a Blastoise so
this is a all right box I got it mainly
for the free level axes and the jumbo
card but these two are portrayed if
anybody wants they are out of the pack
mint we're gonna put them in sleeves
right now so oops of the camcorder there
this has been the exeter another video
from the floor let's just make this
normal thing and rate comment subscribe
i'll see you guys in the next video